W-10588642 kafka publish subscribe (#2053)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: kafka/4.6/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

For example, a department store uses a website activity tracker to improve the online shopping experience. The data that is gathered is sent to multiple departments for various computations. Each department reviews the information that's received to stay informed about what the customer is looking for and then provides recommendations accordingly.

=== Publish-to Use Cases

With Kafka Connector, applications can publish binary messages to the Kafka server. Some examples of use cases include:

* Users publishing binary data to the Kafka server and the underlying topic of their choice.
* Integration specialists working with large volumes of data who want to set the batch size of the data to publish to Kafka.
** To optimize for performance, companies can batch messages to send. Kafka stores the message until the batch size is reached and completes the send at that time.
* Users focusing on optimal performance who want to configure the message size that they send.
** Kafka is not intended to process and handle large messages. Messages are typically in the 1 MB range and users set the size to avoid performance degradation. In the case of an error, the message is rejected.

> * Users ensuring successful data transmission and want to block further commits on a configurable level of acknowledgment for the messages published to the Kafka server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Users ensuring successful data transmission and wanting to block further commits on a configurable level of acknowledgment for the messages published to the Kafka server.
```

Reviewer: General comment after seeing inconsistencies with this format in the last section:

Maybe just saying things without a subject like this:

"Ensuring successul data transmission and blocking further commits on a configurable level of acknowledgment for the messages published to the Kafka server.

"Working with large volumes of data and setting the batch size of the data to publish to Kafka.

You would have to see if this format works for all of the use cases. If you want to keep this format, then the last section should be formatted in the same way.

> ** Acknowledgments allow users to ensure that the message is sent prior to publishing more messages. This is specifically useful in time or event ordered messages, such as logs or patient drug administration orders. Ensuring that messages are sent in order helps the downstream application process the messages in the right order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Acknowledgments allow users to ensure that the message is sent prior to publishing more messages. This is specifically useful in time-ordered or event-ordered messages, such as logs or patient drug administration orders. Ensuring that messages are sent in order helps the downstream application process the messages in the right order.
```

> ** Acknowledgments allow users to ensure that the message is sent prior to publishing more messages. This is specifically useful in time or event ordered messages, such as logs or patient drug administration orders. Ensuring that messages are sent in order helps the downstream application process the messages in the right order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Acknowledgments enable users to ensure that the message is sent prior to publishing more messages. This is specifically useful in time or event ordered messages, such as logs or patient drug administration orders. Ensuring that messages are sent in order helps the downstream application process the messages in the right order.
```

* Configuring how data is serialized during a publish.
* Securing messages sent during Mutual TLS.

> The following lists the acceptance criteria for publishing:

Reviewer: Just a question - what is the relationship between the acceptance criteria and the troubleshooting? Maybe you can make this more explicit.

Author: The acceptance criteria is what needs to be done in order to publish

* Publish a message to a Kafka topic.

> * Configure the batch size and the size of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure the batch size and size of the message.
```

> * Obtain an acknowledgment once a publish is complete at the configured level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Obtain an acknowledgment once publishing is complete at the configured level.
```

* Send the message securely via Mutual TLS.
* Configure the serialization type.

=== Subscribe-from Use Cases

With Kafka Connector, applications can obtain messages from Kafka for further consumption downstream. Some examples of use cases include:

Reading from Kafka:

* A user subscribing to the Kafka server and the underlying group of their choice to read and consume messages for downstream processing.
* A user subscribing to a specific Kafka partition to process messages.

> ** In the event that a user's microservice is high availability, the user does not want to rely on Kafka's rebalancing in the event of a failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Users with a high availability microservice don't want to rely on Kafka's rebalancing in the event of a failure.
```

** If users have a local state associated with their partition, they want to process only that partition.

> * Configuring the offset value to a set value or the beginning or the end of the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configuring the offset value to a set value or to the beginning or end of the topic.
```

> ** If a user has a local state associated with their partition, the user wants to process only that partition.

Reviewer: If users have...

> * Users configure the value of their offset to a set value or the beginning or the end of the topic assigned to them.

Reviewer: To match the others: Users configuring the value of their offsets to a set value or to the beginning or end of the topic assigned to them.

> * A user configuring the value of their offset to a set value or the beginning or the end of the topic assigned to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Users configure the value of their offset to a set value or the beginning or the end of the topic assigned to them.
```

** Users have a local store and want to use that information to start processing their records.
** Users have time-sensitive records and want to skip to the end if the application must be up-to-date or skip to the beginning if it is a new application processing the records.
* Reading the offset value from an alternate storage system on restart.
** Users have a local store with the offset information and want to read the value from their local storage.
* Setting the interval for which to block the receipt of messages for varying downstream processing intervals.

Processing the messages:

> * Ensuring there is no data loss when the downstream application crashes and manually configuring commits to have more control.

Reviewer: by manually configuring commits???

> * Users with varying downstream processing intervals want to set the interval for which to block the receipt of messages.

Reviewer: For consistency with the others - wanting

> * A user with varying downstream processing intervals who wants to set the interval for which to block on receiving messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Users with varying downstream processing intervals want to set the interval for which to block the receipt of messages.
```

* Storing a commit value in a local store or in the Kafka storage and blocking until the store is successful.

> * Storing an offset in a local store or in the Kafka storage asynchronously.

Reviewer: I think this should be:
Storing an offset asynchronously in a local store or in the Kafka storage

otherwise the asynchronously gets lost in the text

> * Users who sometimes run into their downstream application crashing and want to ensure there is no data loss. To have more control, they want to manually configure their commits.

Reviewer: This whole section is inconsistent with the others since the bullets start with "Users who want" instead of "Users wanting." I am wondering if it would be better to take out "Users" and use this format instead for all of the level-1 bullets:

Storing a commit value in a local store or in the Kafka storage and blocking until the store is successful.

* A user who has multiple applications reading from the same group ID and wants to use Kafka's in-built capability of load-balancing.
* A user who wants to configure the number of records they process in a single call.

The following lists the acceptance criteria for subscribing:

* Read a message from Kafka from a specific partition or topic.
* Read a message from Kafka after obtaining the offset from a local store.
* Read a message from the beginning of the queue, the end of the queue, and a pre-specified offset.

> * Ensure performance when there is one consumer per thread. Multiple consumers exist in a single group. 

Reviewer: performance > a high level of performance?
